---
permalink: /about/
title: "About"
---

I am a Ph.D. physicist and data scientist. The story of my life boils down to a person who has taken advantage of some incredible opportunities. I participated in the torch bearing ceremony of the Australian olympics playing for a youth symphony from Cleveland, I was on shift when the first collisions occurred at the Large Hadron collider, I worked with some of the best technologists in the country while contributing to the XDATA DARPA project, and I was part of the team that won the CMS AI Challenge. Of course, all of those things are results. I am certainly a product of amazing opportunities and support, but I've also taken advantage of the opportunities with hard work, focus, and dedication. I continue to have opportunities because I continually look for the upside of my circumstances, and remain open to great opportunities.

The name "Seeing The Bull" is a reference to Picasso's *Le Taureau*, a <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Le_Taureau">series of lithographs</a> that depict a bull, successively stripped of it's details until it is left as a stick figure version.  As a scientist, I aim to strip the world of unnecessary complexity, while still preserving the essential features.  While studying at Ohio State, I had a professor, <a href="https://physics.osu.edu/people/trivedi.15">Nandini Trivedi</a>, who had this series around the top of her office.  She explained that she thought it was a great metaphor for what scientists aspire to do; strip detail while leaving the essential details in place.  The sentiment has stuck with me for my entire career, and I choose to honor this informal lesson in the name of this blog.